## 12a

```
F10
N3
F7
R90
F11
```

Given the list of instructions where;
- N means North
- S means South
- E means East
- W means West
- L means Turn Left
- R means Turn Right
- F means forward in current direction

Determine the position of a ship at the end of the instructions.
The N/S/E/W is rather trivial. By keeping an x / y value of the position and
making the ship move. ...
Now that I think about it, if we not only keep track of an x / y, but also
which direction the ship is facing (in deg), with a function to turn deg into
a heading, we should be good. We can decouple the two. Ship starts facing east 
so we start at 90.

I think we could do this all in one pass, encapsulated in a parser. But I
also think 12b will have more elaborate stuff in there. So perhaps we keep it separate.

First one was solved exactly like this.

## 12b
The second one seems to be a bit obfusciated in language. Let's see whats actually going on.

Given the list of instructions where;
- N means move waypoint
- S means move waypoint
- E mean move waypoint
- W mean move waypoint
- L means turn waypoint around ship position
- R means turn waypoint around ship position 
- F means move ship towards waypoint

Starting ship position = (0, 0)
Starting waypoint = (10, -1)
Where ((), ()) == (shipPosition, waypointPosition)
```haskell
((0, 0), (10, -1))
F10 -> ((0 + 10 x 10, 0 + 10 * -1), wp) == ((100, -10), wp) // I.e. multiply position with waypoint
N3 -> (sp, (10, -1 -3)) == (sp, (10, -4))
F7 -> ((100 + 7 * 10, -10 + 7 * -4), wp) == ((170, -38), wp)
R90 -> (sp, (10, -4)) -> (sp, (4, 10))
```

I.e. We can 'turn', like this;
```haskell
R90 = (x, y) -> (y * -1, x)
L90 = (x, y) -> (y, x * -1)
_180 = (x, y) -> (x * -1, y * -1)
R270 = L90
L270 = L90
```

## Conclusion
Today was fun! I think this could have easily been a bit more challenging. I was fully anticipating actually going to a heading like `R37`, where one would have to apply that vector to the coordinate system. That would have been fun!
All-in-all, I would say today went really well. Albeit that it took me a tad to long to figure out that my manhattan distance (which came out negative) can never be a negative value... :sweat_smile:
