## 8a
This seems akin to some assembly instructions to me. 

```
nop +0
acc +1
jmp +4
acc +3
jmp -3
acc -99
acc +1
jmp -4
acc +6
```

## Thoughts
This program states to be an infinite loop and we should return before the program
is ran a second time. Ie. Every action can only be done once. While I've never
written anythin of the sorts, I see a couple of approaches. All of them start
with parsing the list of instructions to some (Action Instruction) type.

- We could find a way to sort the instructions so they become sequential, then use a stack or just fold them (would immediatly remove our need for the infinte state).
- We could just recursively go through the list (map with an index) keeping an index of the next instruction to go to. Solving infinity by:
  - Keeping a list of instructions, it seems we can just keep the first one given the example
  - Giving the function a new list, updating that current action to (Done) and maching on that.

After some thinking I think that recursion should work;
- Parse the list of instructions to a `Map Index (Action, Instruction)`
- Recursively go through the map, updating the map itself with a `Done` action when we're done. When we hit one of those, we've made it round.

The fist one was found quite quickly, and I think with a nice algorithm, running the instructions, ticking them off as it went along

## 8b
For this I could make use of the index running out of bounds. I'm using a map, if an item doesn't exist in the map, and it's within `0 - length of map + 1`, we're not trying to execute a superweird instruction, but just going to the `i + 1`, meaning we've ran out of instructions and as such, successfully ran the program.
For this, I just recursively go through all possible applications, swapping the `jmp` to a `nop` at a certain index. If I get a return of `Loop`, we recurse, if not, we've parsed the application.

This worked quite nicely.

## Concluding
Writing parsers feels easier-and-easier. Supernice. Today, I took the time to write out an approach and as such created a mental model of the problem. I just dove in yesterday. Yesterday went a lot worse than today, so I need to keep on writing out the approach before code.
